[Music]
savannah
bernadine robin gloria
[Music]
four friends determined
to face reality the one man i love
is marrying got a kid you tell my baby
girl that her daddy loves it
to find the perfect love michael is not
pretty
but he's available you get the best
loving in the world when a man is
begging
to take control of their lives i'm
leaving you
for her you wait a minute i give you 11
years of my life and you're telling me
you're leaving me for another woman
and to make dreams come true
would you like to have dinner with us
tonight there's just leftovers
collard greens and cornbread some
candied yams a little potato salad fried
chicken peach cobbler fruit slices of
ham
i have no business eating myself big as
i am i like that
i like a woman with a little meat on her
bones you know
give me some 20th century fox proudly
presents
but i have to admit i haven't seen
anything as splendid as you
since i've been here okay hold on now
hold on
you don't have to give me that look
whitney houston i know if i left right
now
it would be the wrong time so we're
gonna have to wait a little bit longer
than i expected
you see the more i think about it the
more i look at you
you look like the scum of the earth
angela bassett i need somebody to hold
me
even if it is a damn lie leela rashaan
[Music]
does he think he just did something here
i could have had a v8
and loretta devine oh god i hope he's
not watching me walk away
all right he's watching in a story
of the challenges that make us stronger
i always thought if i gave him what he
needed
he gave me what i needed you know
some of us are still on that dream trip
girl and the friends that get us through
it all
[Applause]
waiting to exhale directed by forest
[Music]
whitaker